DOCS-674 - Static log monitor frequency evaluation (#5036)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/alerts/monitors/overview.md

The frequency at which a monitor executes depends on various factors, such as the underlying query, the operators used, and the detection window. This frequency can range from a few seconds to several minutes.

> For example, if the detection window of your alert is 1 Day, it will be evaluated every few minutes. Conversely, if the detection window of the monitor is 15 Minutes, it will be evaluated every few seconds.

Author: ```suggestion
For example, if the detection window of your alert is 24 Hours, it will be evaluated every few minutes. Conversely, if the detection window of the monitor is 15 Minutes, it will be evaluated every few seconds.
```

> For example, if the detection window of your alert is 24 Hours, it will be evaluated every few minutes. Conversely, if the detection window of the monitor is 15 Minutes, it will be evaluated every few seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if the detection window of your alert is 24 hours, it will be evaluated every few minutes. Conversely, if the detection window of the monitor is 15 minutes, it will be evaluated every few seconds.
```
